Improve Tracing docs (#154)
apache/camel-quarkus-examples: observability/README.adoc

=== Tracing

> To be able to diagnose problems in the Camel Quarkus application, you can start tracing messages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To be able to diagnose problems in Camel Quarkus applications, you can start tracing messages.
```

We will use OpenTelemetry standard suited for cloud environments.

> All you need is adding `camel-quarkus-opentelemetry` dependency (see link:pom.xml#L101-L104[pom.xml]):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All you need is to add the `camel-quarkus-opentelemetry` dependency (see link:pom.xml#L101-L104[pom.xml]):
```
